doc: Add doc for -Zpublic-dependency (#13556)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/unstable.md

or 'private'. When this feature is enabled, additional information is passed to rustc to allow
the 'exported_private_dependencies' lint to function properly.

To enable this feature, you can either use `-Zpublic-dependency`

```sh
cargo +nightly run -Zpublic-dependency
```

or `[unstable]` table, for example,

```toml
# .cargo/config.toml
[unstable]
public-dependency = true
```

> Another way not recommended is set the appropriate key in `cargo-features`,
> 
> ```toml
> cargo-features = ["public-dependency"]

Reviewer: This is going to be phased out, right? Should we either remove this, or make it clear on that deprecation plan? Like

You could also

```suggestion
`public-dependency` could also be enabled in `cargo-features`, though this is deprecated and will be removed soon.

```toml
# in Cargo.toml
cargo-features = ["public-dependency"]
```

Author: Yeah, I was gonna write that it's gonna be deprecated soon. 

It is recommended that you update the documentation when you remove the code.
